Welcome Back to Movies Recapped,
Today I am going to explain The American Action
Science fiction, Chappie.
The film starts showing a country.
Criminality had become common in this area.
No one had control over criminals.
The government of that country is very disturbed.
As a result, they proposed to the police department
that they hire a robot to assist them.
So they may assist you to stop the criminality.
Now a company is ordered to create the police
robots.
The scientist of that company creates many
Which were going to assist the police officers.
There is also an engineer in that company.
He also creates a best robot.
Its characteristic included that human being
themselves could control it.
It is shown on a day that a robot becomes
out of order.
And it is brought to repair. It often used
to be out of order.
It was always sent back after repairing.
Then the drug dealers are shown. The 3 persons
are driving away to deliver the drug to someone.
But their drug packets are dropped on the
way and opened.
And these are wasted. That man's hair had
braiding whom they had to delivere this drug
He says to them after being furious, Return
my money!
He points his gun on them. At the same time,
police and police robots reach there.
Drug dealer flees, witnessing them.
A hair braiding person attacks the police
robot which had recently come after repairing.
Then this robot is again brought to repair.
But it was not easy task for this robot to
be repaired after being damaged many times.
Its battery was completely damaged.
So this robot is sent to update its system.
The scene turns and the same gang member is
shown who contacts the same drug dealer.
He says to him, Return my amount of money!
Police was not able to arrest me.
It may not happen that I may kill all of you,
coming there.
Hearing it, that drug dealer gets worried.
He asks his companions, From where will we
arrange 20 million rands?
Three of them plan that they will make a great
robbery!
But they say, there is still a problem that
police robot reach everywhere!
Now female drug dealer is also saying it,
It is not easy to keep away from the police
robot!
We will have to capture the controller of
the police robot for this.
So we may turn off the system of all police
robot, capturing him.
Our task will become easy as such.
On the other side, the same scientist is shown
in the company where the robots are made.
Who had created all these police robots.
He is working on a new project. He works very
hard on it.
At last he is succeeded. He immediately runs
to his CEO.
And he reveals to him that, If I applied this
method on robot making,
Then I can get much progress. It was such
type of the robot which could communicate
and think.
It will have its separate artificial human
brain.
His CEO says to him, I don't understand such
ideas!
Don't waste your moments if it is not easy
to happen!
Just carry on your work what is going on !
But scientists is upset because he was sure,
That he could make the human mind robots if
he continued it.
He returns back from there. But he thinks
that he will not let his attempts waste.
He says , I myself will conduct the experiment
on it!
I will surely show them to make such type
of the robot.
Then scientist takes a damaged robot from
there which was sent to update its system.
He also takes the chip of the police robot.
Putting it into his vehicle stealthily, he
begins to leave that place.
His thoughts was to check it on this robot.
Then dug dealers kidnaps him on the way.
They bring him into their secret location.
And they ask him while pointing the gun that,
Tell us the way how the police robot's system
may be turned off.
Hand us over the whole control!
Then scientist says to them, How can I give
the control of robots to you.
They are connected with satellites and work
through them.
I have no control over them. I have just created.
Those dug dealers say to him, Okay! We will
end you in this way.
Then they find that damaged robot from scientist's
car while checking it before.
They ask him, Are you going to create a new
robot!
Then scientist tells them , No! It is an old
robot.
There are only some experiments are required
on it.
Then those drug dealers ask him, Why do you
not create a new robot for us?
We will mutually make it and use it for us.
But scientist says , No! The task that I am
going to conduct is very critical!
And the created robot will also be very complex.
We will have to care it too much.
Those dug dealers assure, No Problem!
We will together take care of it.
Those drug dealers make him seated there and
say,
Update or install the software of it just
before us!
Then scientist starts to do it. And he adjusts
the chip in it after copying the data in it.
It happened the same what he had thought.
That robot was just acting like the kids.
It was frightening from them.
It was pouncing its hand as a cat does to
see the things.
Its movement were childlike. First of all,
scientist was not expecting it.
This robot will be activated. But he had also
succeeded here.
Now he had to take the further steps. Female
drug dealer also takes interest in it.
So she names it "Chappie". It means, this
movie has also been made on this name.
So this robot may be considered the major
character of this movie.
That drug dealer who had asked the scientist
to repair this robot,
He becomes malicious and he points his gun
on that scientist.
He says to him, Go away! Don't ever return
back.
It means that they wanted to keep that robot
themselves.
Scientist leaves that place. Then that robots
making company is seen.
In which a man is demonstrating his robotic
designs.
The designs of which he had created some robots.
But CEO and the engineer of that company refuse
to accept this design .
Because they propose that it is big sized
and it is going to take too power.
There will be spent the great cost on it.
Now that scientist had returned to his company
again.
He works harder and thinks more designs of
the robots.
At last, CEO likes his made designs.
And she orders that robots will be created
based on these designs.
He is extremity excited. All were wishing
him.
But it is not tolerated by the engineer.
He plans that I will damage his created robots.
I will also steal the security chip. He does
not get the chip anywhere when he goes to
search for it.
He knows after checking the system,
That it is in the same robot which has been
sent to update its system.
He is shocked enough. Because there is neither
robot nor the chip.
Contrarily, "Chappie" comes on the scene who
was taking those drug dealers as its family.
That foul drug dealer trains it for fighting.
So it may bring a lot of money for them while
robbing.
Contrarily, that engineer comes to that scientist.
He asks him, pointing his head with a gun,
Tell me where is chip.
Hand me over the key of that place!
That scientist asks him, What is your problem
with me?
I have neither a key nor a chip!
Engineer fires his gun. Fortunately, its magazine
is empty.
Then engineer says to all, Don't be afraid.
It was just a fun!
Saying it, he leaves that place.
Scientist instantly goes to meet "Chappie",
thinking something.
Engineer had also witnessed him. So his curiosity
is aroused.
He also pursues him. Scientist says , going
to "Chappie".
Listen to me! You will not take a wrong step!
He makes it understand perfectly. You are
a good robot!
Promise me! You will also act nicely.
Then "Chappie" gives its words to him! And
scientist gets satisfied.
He says to "Chappie", Come! I teach you how
to paint.
Then he begins to teach him how to paint.
Female drug dealer is also standing beside
it.
She is not objecting him Then that cruel drug
dealer approaches there.
He flies into rage, seeing the scientist there
again.
He gets him out from there while hitting.
I will kill you if you ever step in it!
Now that cruel drug dealer takes "Chappie"
to a place,
There are the worst gang members. He says
to the gang members,
Hit it! I want to check its power.
I want to make it more powerful! You may train
it.
Now those worst boys begin to attack "Chappie".
"Chappie" was not like the police robot but
the childlike so it starts to be frightened.
He does not fight them in return. Bad boys
throw stones on it,
So its body catches fire. And it somehow flees
.
On the other side, that engineer had identified
the location of "Chappie".
He brings "Chappie" back in his vehicle, reaching
there immediately.
He opens the hand of "Chappie" while driving
and takes out that chip.
Afterward, it was going to damage "Chappie"
.
Then "Chappie" lifts up and escapes , attacking
him.
"Chappie" heads straight for the drug dealers'
safe haven.
The female drug dealer was sweet and caring.
She brings "Chappie" back to life.
Who did turn you into this condition, she
asks her as she shows her affections?
But "Chappie" was very afraid. That girl also
recovers its hand.
Now it dawns. Now that cruel drug dealer says
to "Chappie",
It is my fault that I left you among the bad
boys.
And you got hit. But listen! you must know
to fight for your defense.
I will also train of shooting the gun!
But "Chappie" was not willing to act like
this.
Because it had promised to that scientist.
Now that bad drug dealer feels that it is
not following him.
Then it plays a trick to make it convinced.
He says to it, Alright! You are not using
this gun because people will be killed.
You care people so much! Let's go! I train
you the use of other weapons.
The people are only knocked out through them.
They get no harm.
Now "Chappie" had a childlike mind. So it
is entrapped by him.
Taking the advantage of it, that bad drug
dealer train it to use the other weapons.
Now it is the day when those drug dealers
had to rob greatly.
But they had not such weapons.
it means that technological weapons.
Through which they can frighten and kill the
people.
Now that bad dealer begins to tell one more
exaggerated story to "Chappie".
He says, "Chappie"! Someone has escaped, stealing
my car.
Look! Bring all cars to me so that I may check
which is mine.
Now "Chappie" was childlike. It used to think
like the kids.
So it is entangled in is story. And he throws
all the people from the cars.
He had come after stealing the cars of others.
Bad drug dealer is very excited.
And he becomes richer while selling the spare
parts and other machinery of cars.
He purchases the costly weapons from them.
It is falling night. And it is also raining
. Bad drug dealer observes that,
"Chappie" is sitting near a dead dog and it
is very grieved.
That drug dealer says to it, Don't be sad!
You will also be no more one day.
That robot says, I don't die! I am a robot.
That drug dealer says to it, Are you checking
the time of battery on yourself?
It is running out. Scientist installed a battery
system in you,
So you may be ended soon! This fact hurts
"Chappie".
It begins to hate the scientist. Then drug
dealer says to him to increase his value,
I will transfer you into such immortal body.
You will always remain alive. But there is
a condition for it.
You will have to rob with us.
Look! I will spend the money on your body,
getting from there.
At first, "Chappie" refuses then he agrees
in this greed,
That it will remain alive forever. Contrarily,
scientist was very disturbed.
Because he was thinking as "Chappie" may not
bring devastation now.
He thinks, I may go to make it understand!
As he goes to their hiding place and calls
"Chappie",
"Chappie" overlooks him in spite of hearing
him.
It does not respond him. Because it had developed
the hate for scientist in it.
Scientist goes after it and says, Why are
you not listening me?
Then "Chappie" responds, Don't talk with me
more!
you have installed such a system in me so
I may damage soon.
Scientist tells, It is not as such! Who did
say it to you this?
you are not only one robot in which the battery
has been set.
On the other side, the engineer was very envious.
So he destroys all scientist's created robots
whole, using a system.
It means, he damages their system.
Now all robot had been damaged throughout
the country.
Now criminals had got freedom. They begin
to spread the criminality in the whole country.
At the same time, Chappie's system also begin
to damage.
But scientist immediately detects it.
He repairs it, bringing it into the factory
. And it also restarts it.
So it may be saved before damaging.
"Chappie" embraces scientist, restoring itself.
There is also a gigantic robot. "Chappie"
likes it very much.
It suggests to scientist, transfer me into
this robotic body!
I have liked it! And I will also remain alive
forever.
Then scientist tells it, No! It is "A I".
It is just a robot. And you can think like
the human beings.
Your program cannot be copied or transferred
into anything.
It is your own thought. "Chappie" gets angry
from him.
And it argues him , You don't want that I
may survive.
Engineer is also listening this conversation
there.
He is astonished how a robot is talking like
the humans.
So "Chappie" goes from there, taking the neurotransmitter.
So it may copy its consciousness. And he also
succeeds in doing so.
then drug dealer reaches there and says, The
time of robbery has arrived!
They begin to arrange their weapons. "Chappie"
was also quite prepared for it.
They reach that place where they had to rob.
TV is also broadcasting this news. Scientist
notices this ,
"Chappie" is robbing instead of giving its
words.
He feels bad. That engineer used to be envious
from that scientist,
Because he had also made some robot designs,
But his robot designs had not been accepted
before.
Ans scientist's designs had to be accepted.
He never used to tolerate it. He had got a
chance to complain.
He immediately goes to the CEO of the company.
He says to her, Are you noticing?
You had forbidden scientist. In spite of it,
he created the human mind robot.
He says to CEO, Just check after accepting
my robot design!
I will hold a complete control over my robot.
And I will damage "Chappie". His CEO says
to him, What can be done at this critical
time?
I give you chance! That engineer immediately
activates his robot.
And he begins to control it. He had sent his
robot to end "Chappie".
Knowing it, scientist goes to "Chappie" after
being upset.
Then that gang member arrives there.
And he was asking drug dealer to pay his debt.
The engineer's robot had also reached there
till that time.
A big quarrel begins among them.
A great firing is started. Meanwhile this
female dug dealer and her fiend receive the
gun shot.
Scientist also becomes the target of gun at
the same time.
But "Chappie" is confused when he observes
that scientist has been shot.
Because it had affections for him in some
way.
Female drug dealer is also with him.
And they move, taking away the wounded scientist.
On the other side, that male drug dealer,
He is attempting to stop that big robot made
by the engineer.
Otherwise, that robot may also kill him.
That robot was biggest that it is going to
attack that male drug dealer.
But female drug dealer begins to shoot that
robot with her gun, witnessing it.
Then that robot becomes aggressive.
It starts to move to that female drug dealer,
leaving the male drug dealer.
That gigantic robot kills that female drug
dealer.
"Chappie" takes her its mother so it become
furious , seeing it.
So it explodes this gigantic robot, using
an explosive.
Afterward, it drives itself to the company,
making the scientist sit in the car.
Engineer is waiting for them. He begins to
attack them as they reach there.
"Chappie" was already in rage on him so it
attacks him contrarily.
Because it knew that he is one who is controlling
gigantic robot.
"Chappie" makes that engineer knock out while
hitting badly.
On the other side, scientist was not restoring
his sense.
"Chappie" does what it understands.
He changes the scientist's body into a robot.
Scientist does not understand , waking up,How
How did he transfer into the body of robot?
So he says to "Chappie", I also transfer you!
Now "Chappie" was also in the body of other
robot.
He was excited. In the end , it is seen that,
Female drug dealer is being buried by "Chappie"
and scientist.
"Chappie" says to female dug dealer directing
its face to her,
Mother! Don't' be worried. I will also transfer
your body into a robot.
That is true! While hacking the entire system,
it creates a new robot.
It also replicates the consciousness of a
female drug dealer.
That female drug dealer was now operating
as a robot.
And the movie also completes on this scene.
Subscribe for watch more video, Turn on Notification,
Don’t Forget to Like Comment & Share. Thank
You for Watching and your time.